SpeakerList improvements (#595)
metallb/metallb: website/content/release-notes/_index.md

Changes in behavior:

> - MetalLB now uses a headless service to track the speakers. You must
>   configure `METALLB_SERVICE`/`service` and create the service. Manifests and
>   charts provided by MetalLB have been updated to create this new Service,
>   if you are using your own, you must update them. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MetalLB now uses a headless service to track the speakers. You must
  configure `METALLB_SERVICE`/`service` and create the service. Manifests and
  charts provided by MetalLB have been updated to create this new Service.
  If you are using your own, you must update them. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))
```

> - `METALLB_ML_LABELS`/`ml-labels` config option has been removed.
>   `pod-lister` role/rolebinding are not used anymore and have been removed,
>   if you are using MetalLB provided manifest to deploy, you can cleanup by running
>   `kubectl delete -n metallb-system role/pod-lister rolebinding/pod-lister`. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `METALLB_ML_LABELS`/`ml-labels` config option has been removed.
  The `pod-lister` role/rolebinding are not used anymore and have been removed.
  If you are using MetalLB provided manifests to deploy, you can cleanup by running
  `kubectl delete -n metallb-system role/pod-lister rolebinding/pod-lister`. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))
```

Bug Fixes:

> - MetalLB now only consider ready speakers when memberlist is disabled.
>   This allow `externalTrafficPolicy: cluster` services to work when MetalLB
>   speakers only run on a subset of the nodes. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MetalLB now only considers ready speakers when memberlist is disabled.
  This allows `externalTrafficPolicy: cluster` services to work when MetalLB
  speakers only run on a subset of the nodes. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))
```

  speaker when installing using manifests, or by overriding helm values `controller.logLevel=all` 
  and `speaker.logLevel=all` when installing with Helm.

- MetalLB now uses a headless service to track the speakers. You must
  configure `METALLB_SERVICE`/`service` and create the service. Manifests and
  charts provided by MetalLB have been updated to create this new Service.
  If you are using your own, you must update them. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

- The `METALLB_ML_LABELS`/`ml-labels` config option has been removed.
  The `pod-lister` role/rolebinding are not used anymore and have been removed.
  If you are using MetalLB provided manifests to deploy, you can cleanup by running
  `kubectl delete -n metallb-system role/pod-lister rolebinding/pod-lister`. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

Bug Fixes:

- MetalLB now only considers ready speakers when memberlist is disabled.
  This allows `externalTrafficPolicy: cluster` services to work when MetalLB

>   speakers only run on a subset of the nodes. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  speakers run only on a subset of the nodes. ([#595](https://github.com/metallb/metallb/pull/595))
```

"only run" means "running is the only activity they do".
"run only" matches the intention here ("run only here and not there").
